docs: fix links in BUILDING.md (#4471)
deltachat/deltachat-android: BUILDING.md

To [build an APK](https://developer.android.com/studio/build/building-cmdline) run the following 2 steps.
Note that the first step may take some time to build for all architectures. You can optionally read 

> [the first comment block in the `ndk-make.sh` script](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-android/blob/main/scripts/ndk-make.sh)

Reviewer: better use relative links to avoid future problems etc, also more comprehensible when reading the file offline / in the local filesystem:

```suggestion
[the first comment block in the `ndk-make.sh` script](./scripts/ndk-make.sh)
```

To setup build environment manually:
- _Either_, in Android Studio, go to "Tools / SDK Manager / SDK Tools", enable "Show Package Details",
  select "CMake" and the desired NDK (install the same NDK version as the [Dockerfile](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-android/blob/main/Dockerfile)), hit "Apply".

> - _Or_ read [Dockerfile](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-android/blob/main/Dockerfile) and mimic what it does.

Reviewer: same here:

```suggestion
  select "CMake" and the desired NDK (install the same NDK version as the [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile)), hit "Apply".
- _Or_ read [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile) and mimic what it does.
```
